This is an amazing laptop for what you pay.  The RTX 3050 is pretty dang capable and the 12th gen I5 processor is better than the 11th gen I7.  There is a caveat that come with the price.  First, it only comes with 1 stick of 8 gig RAM.  This is pretty much the bare minimum that you can get away with for windows 11.  Windows ran and I could even play a few games, but performance is throttled because the memory will be maxed out.  There's an extra DIMM to add memory.  I would recommend that you buy at least one 8 gig stick of Crucial (this brand is approved to work with Acer) memory (DDR4 3200MHz CL22) and add it to the empty DIMM.  It should be pretty cheap.  I bought 2 sticks of 16 gig (32 total
Top Notebook!!!I have been using this Swift GO 14 (SFG14-72-72YK) for about a month now. It is blazing fast, booting to Windows 11, opening apps and so on.I also added a 2nd NVMe (1 TB) inside the slot, this is much better than attaching an external storage.It has been running quietly, once in a while the fan kicks in, but it goes back to silent after 10 seconds or so.I also like the Acer LiveArt app (pre-installed), in which background removal tool is very nice and gets the job done quickly.I also have Adobe Photoshop and use the background removal tool, which requires a few steps.This Acer LiveArt is just one click and done.This Swift GO 14 is a powerhouse and brings a lot of features at a very affordable priScreen: beautiful OLED screen with a high resolution, no complaints here. Do note though that this screen is very bright and the minimum level on the display does not get low enough at night for my wife who is more sensitive to bright lights (just something to keep in mind).Security: fast and accurate finger print sensor built into the power buttonBattery life: it's better than older windows laptops but no where close to a MacBook. However, if you do light work it'll probably get you through the day.Heat: laptop gets warm for light tasks but never uncomfortable (you can probably use it on your lap). If you push the laptop or have it charging while in use the chassis gets very hot and is better fo
I bought this laptop for writing and taking online classes primarily, and it's just perfect.  Keyboard is nice to use.  Screen is bright and crisp.  Laptop is lightweight.This is NOT a laptop for gaming, video editing, demanding graphics work, and you're probably going to get frustrated if you are a busy, multi-tasker with multiple software and dozens of browser tabs open at the same time.That being said, for basic computing needs (word processing, watching Netflix, web browsing, blogging, writing a novel, taking classes, etc...), this laptop is near perfect and budget-friendly.Couple Notes: - The processor is 1.1 ghz, not 2.8 as listed in description, but really, you wouldn't be doing anything o
It's nice and lightweight compact. It seems to be in fine working condition. It does have a small lag in starting up but other than that it is a good laptop
do not game or use the camera, wee bit slower on start up than my hp, but happy with it
So slow. Horrible. I have high speed internet and no issues with any of the other devices I own, including the apple one I purchased two weeks ago that was set up in minutes and worked perfectly. I got this one for guests. It took over an hour for simple set up, would not find my wifi for over 40 minutes and I couldn’t look up a single website. Not one. It was so slow to even open up a search engine. What a nightmare. Never used a laptop or any device that worked this horribly. Returning. Complete waste of time. Do not buy this!!!!
Great inexpensive laptop.  8 E-cores seems to multitask fine.  I was able to install and run some Virtual Machines with no issue or slowdown.  The laptop is capable of playing some older Steam games. I only tested Half-Life so far and it runs smooth.  The specs are great for the price.The only minor issue I had was setting up Windows 11 only to install Ubuntu 24.04 over it.  The hotkey for choosing a boot device is disabled in the BIOS by default.
I have tablets and a Big Screen desl Windows Computer and two small computers.  One small computer is tied into my piano for online piano lesson. The other a nice but small chrome computer than I never use. I dislike chrome.I missed my 15 inch computer that bit the dust years ago and I suddenly decided to get the cheapest brand name computer.  At 200 dollars and a bit of change I found the Acer computer.  Being a computer nerd I saw that it had what I needed and should be fast enough.It is hard reading reviews today half will say it is perfect and the other half will say it is junk.I am bet this Acer computer by looking at the specs it will be perfect for my needs. Its a well known brand large co
I needed a tablet with a large screen. I did not want a dedicated tablet as they require a keyboard and stand for any real work. Instead of spending $1400 on a large fruit tablet I found this for $400. It comes with all the basics, a vibrant screen with 14” of area. 8GB of RAM 128GB NVME SSD and an Intel 8 core processor with UHD graphics. What I love about the Aspire Spin 3 is the build quality. The keyboard has good feedback. The trackpad is usable! The built in speakers are okay in a pinch but there is Bluetooth to hook up a wireless speaker for presentations or a headset. I ended up uninstalling some bloateare but it was minimal. There are two full sized USB-A high speed ports for memory stic
This laptop is a good value if you just want a decent machine to run Chrome.Pros- Decent quality webcam for video chat, zoom also worked well.- Good screen, and touch screen- Reasonably fast.Cons (all of which are fine at this price point)- The screen is not perfect, there was some light bleeding around the edges, but I am fine with that at this price point.- does not charge via USB C- Slowish to start up- Its plastic so it does not feel as nice as the Lenovo I am replacing this with, however its also half the price.
I just got this a couple of days ago, so this review is a little premature. I had decided about a week ago, my computing needs had changed. There are some things my chromebook wouldn't do so decided to go back to a PC. Prime Day rolled around and I began searching laptops. Spent the majority of Tuesday looking, finally deciding on this model.So far typing is fine. The delete key is right next to the power button, but just punching the power button accidentally did not turn the screen off.Flipping the keyboard back into tablet mode was easy, but took effort. The screen definately stays at whatever position you place it. When in tablet mode and tapping this box to continue my review, did not bring 
I'm impressed with this laptop so far. The image is not the best, but I knew that from the specs. Response time is good and it boots up quickly. The battery does not last for a long time, but I will most likely use it where I can plug it in anyway. The build quality is excellent, so I don't expect to have problems with this device before it becomes outdated. My previous laptop's hinges broke after 2 years with light use. The design on the hinges of this Acer Spin 14 appears to be much sturdier. I really like the fact that I can use it as a tablet or a normal laptop. The included case (sleave) is nice, but I probably will use my bag instead.As always, I will update this review if there is somethin
I use my computer for school. It’s perfect! It’s lightweight, perfect size to put on any surface. I am absolutely satisfied 🔥
to be honest i was looking for a tablet and i got this because amazon offer it me in 3 monthly payments je je je je is a great product i liked so much is a tablet, a laptop and a great price point...
My HP computer died on me and I needed a new one. Normally I would have gotten either an HP or Dell Was browsing Amazon and found this Acer computer. It was everything I was looking for. It was easy to set up right out of the box and ready to go in a couple of hours.
Great value for the cost. I needed a small laptop with internet capabilities for cheap. I'm constantly on the go with my job, and having a tablet / computer conversion is optimum. Especially when you have to whip out a laptop on the fly to type up a contract. Works great and it's cheap compared to other options. It's great for work, it's not a gaming PC and doesn't need insane graphics to do what it's meant for.
OK, understand that I'm just an old guy well into my 70s, so, as might be expected, I don't need a laptop for anything fancy, just the web & email.  I have had several other laptops, but none performs like this one (they didn't cost as much either).  It doesn't seem to run as warm/hot as some others, and I do not hear a fan.  It seems to be built like a tank, yet still weighs only 3 lbs.  It looks really nice, all aluminum, and the display is outstanding.  The fingerprint reader works flawlessly, and the keyboard lights up quite bright.  Not to be sneezed at, it charges back up quite rapidly.  I'm sure some folks would find something displeasing about this sucker, but not me.
It's still very early days so I can't comment on durability yet. But I will provide some opinions and commentary.This Acer Swift Go 14 replaced a new Asus Zenbook 14 with OLED screen and Core Ultra 155h. The Asus arrived with a defective touchpad so it went back to BestBuy.So enough history. I had been lusting after this Acer unit  for quite a number of months so, when the Asus went south and Amazon dropped the price on the Acer, I ordered it. It arrived in two days (as promised). Came with a zippered case (which I haven't even opened yet).Forgot that it had a touchscreen; I'll never use it as the screen doesn't fold back into tablet mode so it's essentially worthless to me; they could have left 
This is the closest I've seen a Windows laptop get to being a MacBook replica. The portability, performance, weight, and overall ease of use make this laptop an all-around option depending on what you are looking for. The laptop includes a wall adapter with a fixed USB-C cable for charging in addition to support documents and limited warranty information.When first setting up the laptop, I did have to plug it into power as the battery was out of charge on arrival, but within a few minutes I was able to power it on and begin the setup process. The setup is the same routine questions and answers on most laptops, but this one does have some extra bloatware preinstalled- namely the Acer apps and McAf
Just got this PC delivered this morning and finished setting it up. I was almost ready to buy 16GB M3 Air for $1500 but then the deal of this PC for $460 popped-up on SD so I quickly snagged it without hesitation...and man i am so so so happy with it. For 1/3rd of price of similarly spec'd M3 Air, I cant believe how good this PC is. The speed maybe is par M2 Air but that too is over $1200 for 16GB Ram. Anyway this PC is very well built, has a touch screen, opens and runs all my apps/browser super fast. is extremely quiet, can support 4 monitors, has all the ports I need including a micro SD card slot, is extremely light, has amazing battery life and best yet the SSD is upgradable. I plan to use t
I use it for in code etc...
I had my computer man set it up.  It is so much faster and I love the bigger screen.  So far, everything seems to work fine although I haven't figured out to activate the touch screen.  Not even a helpful hints guide with the product.  I guess that is normal these days, answer the question with a google search.  I'm showing my age.  Delivery was prompt and well communicated.
The price was right, and the computer is perfect. We don't need or want a touch screen or wireless mouse and keyboard. This computer has the right speed and memory for us!
Okay it was delivered on time by USPS to the wrong address. Luckily the owner of that address knows me. Next the box opening nothing was broken thank goodness. Key/dongle for the keyboard & mouse is missing/hidden inside the mouse. I called Amazon customer service fortunately they told me about this hidden compartment. Now that everything is working I am still trying to get software and  programs from my old PC to the new one. More to come on this saga. Needless to say it is not plug and play unless this is your first and just starting out.Up and running like a Swiss watch. First the not so good. I was expecting the camera to do face recognition to login, it is not compatible for doing that. At s
My prior all-in-one desktop computer was ten to twelve years old and was very slow with frequent buffering.  This new desktop commuter is fast and efficient.  The picture is beautiful, with no obvious pixelation.  The sound is fine.  There is NO touchscreen. Setup was easy after I finally found my PIN number for my router.  I am very, very happy with this purchase and the price for this product was reasonable.
Quality, Picture...Great Worth the $$$
My wife has had the same unit for more than a year. She loves hers and has had no problems. I love not having a bulky tower. I added an external 5TB HDD so have storage forever! Love my all-in one!!
I was so impressed with how easy it was to set up. It even transferred my bookmarks from my old computer without me even prompting it.  What I didn't like about it was setting up the mouse and keyboard. The directions were not very clear to me where to put the chip for them in my computer. Other than that I would highly recommend this computer.
Moving to a new home in USA, knew that Acer has a good name. Very nice to watch and use. General browsing, banking, shopping, media. Don't do gaming, so can't comment on that. Much faster than my previous one.
easy to set up and fast . love it
SO FAR SO GOOD


