Really great performance from it! You can run most titles on high or max settings and still get good fps. May not be as 'pretty' as some of the competition, but for the specs and price point does that really matter? You can also upgrade things like storage and memory so that's a plus. If you're looking for a good gaming PC and don't wanna break the bank, this is a good option!
I've been using it for months, It's given me a great deal of performance for the price.
Great product, looks nice and performance is amazing!
I wanted to buy another laptop for work purposes but also be useful for travelling and for gaming so I saw this laptop for sale during Black Friday! Excellent purchase! Here is my pros and cons after a week of owning this:Con:1. 1920 x 1200 FHD 165Hz Display is very much an downgrade against my Legion 5 Pro 16" 2560 x 1600 IPS LCD 165Hz Display... But I guess with the parts offered, ASUS had to make some budget cuts somewhere I guess... (for the model I've chosen and not wanting to spend more than $1500 USD).2. Automatic MUX Switching is annoying... it optimizes which option to best suit for your current usage at the time (e.g. if you ran an game vs closing the game and brings you to the desktop)
The media could not be loaded.
The specs are really good for this laptop. I love how you can even play with 100 FPS or even more in some games (Halo infinite,  Apex Legends, The Finals) with the silent mode (without overheating or having the max power of the CPU/GPU). If you want to get over 100+, the turbo mode (taking full advantage of the GPU/CPU) will be great + the 165.1 Hz. The only "issue" (not issue honestly if you do not see this as problem) is the turbo mode makes the laptop sounds a bit loudly which is normally when you are utilizing it with the full capacity. Other than that, you can have an amazing experience playing on this mode.This version specifically does no
Rceiving a warranty extension from ASUS for this Review*Right out of the gate this laptop is impressive. Everything I've thrown at it, it's played very well. The new 40 series graphics cards features really help with this. The laptop is sturdily built with no deck flex around the keyboard. The screen is 1200p which is a little more than FHD and in the 16" size it looks great. No lightbleed and a strong contrast ratio. Yes you can easily open it up and replace the memory and add another m.2 SSD. The memory is dual channel and the m.2 size is the full length size. Yes the thing is quiet even under some light load. Of course the fans will ramp up if you throw something very demanding at it BUT looki
SSD capacity is a little, I used it for CAD drawings
