
Hi all this laptop is Soo good it feels like an Xbox thank you hp and I use it everyday it's Soo good
This is my first gaming laptop. It’s also the first Windows laptop I’ve had in several years. I was on the fence for a while deciding on a laptop that was at least decent for gaming without also breaking the bank. Then, I came across this laptop. At first I was disappointed because there didn’t seem to be a way to have the keyboard light up. However, once I figured out that it does light up, I was even more satisfied with my purchase. Do I wish it had a little more RAM? Sure, but considering I play games like Sims & Powerwashing Simulator, the specs that this laptop possesses does the job and then some. The only thing that I don’t particularly like is the trackpad. It tends to click in ways I don
Setup took forever, as does logging in, but overall it's an okay computer. Not the best one I've ever used, but I guess the price is pretty good for what you get.
Ordered this to replace an old laptop and it runs what I need it to and came in perfect new condition! I love it
There's a lot to like with this HP laptop, starting with it having a balanced set of specs without anything being overkill. It does help to keep the price down, though you can get a pretty big jump in performance for spending more, this is good enough for a lot of the popular games such as Minecraft, Fortnite, LoL, Valorant, etc.Its a plastic case, but still manages to feel well made and doesn't get too hot even when playing games. It has a pretty good ventilation system underneath, so make sure if you are demanding a lot from it that you use it on a nice table or prop something under the back to make sure it isn't getting blocked. The keyboard feels nice and works well for both gaming and typing
This is a moderately priced gaming laptop with decent specifications for gaming.  Personally, I am using it mostly for productivity - but will occasionally want to play a game.  Consequently, while I appreciate the  Intel Core i5-12450H processor, the 8 GB of RAM, and the 512 GB SSD drive, I recognize that it is likely to be underpowered for many high-end games.  The graphics engine, an NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2050 GPU, is a great addition.  It may not be the cutting edge of graphics processors, but it is still quite good.  However, for my usage - mostly productivity with the occasional game - this is a reasonable configuration.  My understanding is the RAM can be expanded up to 16GB and I expect that
The Dell G15 (2023) is a budget-friendly gaming laptop that defies expectations. With its clean design, powerful hardware, and reasonable price point, it’s a solid find for gamers seeking both performance and aesthetics.
So far it has worked great, the CPU and dedicated graphics card let's you play even high demanding games.
love everything about product
I did not buy this because of the possibility of it being a touchscreen. Just wanted those to know this version is not touchscreen. I bought this computer because I was looking for something that would be A LOT better than the chromebook the Army issues military wives while they are in school because my Macbook from 2014 kapooted.It is awesome. I love it. It is gorgeous. A large screen. Beautiful clarity on images. The computing power is amazing as well. I love the guidance and easy accessibility to things that are going to be daily uses. I am very happy with this purchase especially since it was on sale for a mark off of $350. I got this for $950. Which is cheaper than most laptops that are way 
This system was so easy to setup.  Super fast system.  HP quality never disappoints.  Great features and beautiful 27” screen,  The last HP we owned we had for 15 years!
I was looking for a fairly decent desktop for a decent price. Caught this one on sale as it was refurbish with I generally stay away from. The computer works great but the keyboard was a total let down. Because all the F-keys were totally messed up, you couldn't control the volume. I didn't bother sending it back because I have plenty keyboards so I just used one that I had. But I do Zoom meetings and I needed one that would have a great camera and the volume was sufficient enough so I can be heard. Now I haven't had a Zoom meeting at this writing but I will come back and update if it worked good or not! But so far the desktop is a good buy! Let's hope it continues to work or I'm gonna be super u
The wireless keyboard and mouse do not work. Box they came in does indicate that some units may be shipped with dongles pre-installed but we cannot locate them. The batteries in the mouse do work and the light comes on when we turn it on but no connection to the computer.The keyboard does not work. We tried replacing batteries in it but no luck. Nor is there an on/off button as far as we can tell. And no dongle.Is it possible this unit was previously returned and sold again as new to us?
nice computer to do light work from home
You can use immediately after set up !!!
Great speed connection
