Works well so far! No complaints. Great picture and pixels.
Waited too long to update an old system, and wasn't sure what to get next - laptop, family PC, gaming ... and at what price point ... but this all in one unit is great. The cost was about $700 with an extra 8GB RAM upgrade. It does everything we need to do, and quickly.Set up was smooth, the initial issue was a dead battery (batteries included) in the mouse, as a setup step required mouse access, but no light shows you it was dead, so we just swapped that out.Enough USB inputs (maybe 4) to handle external drives, printers ...The Windows 11 is what it is (what happened to the crop command in paint??) , so that's not a factor.We've had it about 2 months and has made us completely forget the old, sl
I love this computer, so far it’s working well and not slow, thanks
Size is perfect for our small desk. Packaged well. Arrived on time. Setup was pretty easy. Boots fast. Works well with our LAN. So far, so good. Based on our experience so far, would recommend this computer. Night and day better than the notebook it replaces.
I needed a computer for my spouse.  This fit the bill.  I wish I had thought out the purchase more before I bought i, though.  Nothing bad.......I just needed USB and memory adjustments.  Height check, too.I did add memory to it after purchase.  That 8GB is not enough IMHO.  Windows uses 6GB right off the bat!  If it had to use virtual memory (on the disk), then it would slow down big time.Memory upgrade was........interesting.  Watch a couple of youtube videos.  You can do it. Just go slow.4 USB slots is ok, but, wife wanted her special mouse, so, instead of sharing one slot with the KB and mouse, she was now using 2.  Then, I got a DVD drive, for she HAD to have it for a couple of programs.  No
After 2 hours, and this is no exaggeration, of working with Lenovo tech support trying to resolve multiple issues, the last tech advised me to return the unit as the problem was so complex further effort would be wasted. As always there is some difficulty language wise, but I must say all the techs I worked with were pleasant, seemed competent and certainly tried hard. They faced a problem created by Lenovo's quality assurance process---nobody made certain the darn unit actually worked before shipping from the production facility.
The Lenovo IdeaCentre all in one computer is very sturdy and well built.  It has built-in stereo sound, which was better than expected, but I have it with computer speakers.  I added an audio output device, which works well with it.  It is a good buy, and an upgrade from what I had.  The screen is bright, and clear, and I can see everything well.  With it, You wouldn't need a larger screen.  I am happy with it, and would recommend it to family and friends!
I love everything about this computer. It was easy to setup and doesn’t make much noise. It’s fast and allows me to work without any issues. I can even receive calls and text messages from it which I was excited to find out. It doesn’t take up much space and is perfect for me! I definitely feel like I got wayyyy more than I paid for.
